lost twins again impossible what am I
going to do with these people what seems
to be the matter mr. ghost aren't you
feeling well don't talk to me you're
supposed to scream and run away here
Watson's tonic makes you feel
Oh
you
do this family is driving me bananas
lubricant for my chains medicine for my
dead body and there's two nasty little
boys and lost not fam me
Simon Canterville the most elevated
ghost in all England why I can remember
when children would faint when they
heard my name yeah what has happened to
me
am I lost whatever the ability to scare
people out of their webs is this not a
scary thing I see before me hmm
maybe not scary enough I must think
no no I've got it go get them ruthless
Rupert the cruel cavalier
ah this has to scare even Americans all
do the headless
Oh
yeah this is not working this is not
working at all
so embarrassing green blood-stained what
have I come to yeah yeah huh oh so
that's why the paint's have been
disappearing from my box you've been
using them to replace that stupid stain
why why with green paint who ever heard
of green blood the water's great Jones
like to do you are all out of red paint
and it's not so easy to get real blood
these days bless you
thank you very much anyway since it was
your father's wretched staring over the
room of the stand and thought to use
your face to replace it I must say I
find it terribly rude of him to keep
erasing my work you were the one who's
been rude scaring us and making a
nuisance of yourself a nuisance you say
but it's my job to walk around clanking
my chains scaring people it's what I do
is it true that you killed your wife
right on this spot
I'm afraid so a fit of passion she was
very beautiful very unfaithful I was
actually quite patient with her Oh until
the end that is oh and now I regret it I
won't have any peace after all these
years 300 years 300 years without
sleeping oh I am so weary 300 years
sounded yes I'm very sorry for you huh
have you seen this do you know what this
means no I don't it means that if an
innocent young soul will take pity on me
and help me I can leave this castle
forever and my soul will rest in the
almond tree in the courtyard but you
must come with me you're sure I haven't
frightened you
no I will help you
don't go little Virginia don't go
beware don't go with Alegria
we were college Enya I found the one
yo
hey the bloodstains back oh no don't
worry about it we'll get on their will
but use those boxing gloves on uh yeah
no you won't be using anything on him my
brothers I have helped the poor ghost to
find peace and he has left the castle
forever he is gone gone forever you say
it's a good thing I didn't pay extra for
more you be in a lot of trouble I can
tell you that and from now on you boys
will stop scaring the ghosts away
this place is half as much without them
if the English really need to be scared
the twins can do a fine job I'm sure
you're right they're enough to scare an
army a ghost and it's all because you
spoil them too much oh look everybody
come here
neither can I
strange happening you gotta say that out
loud
I thought that Simon Canterville has the
peace at last
hey it's